Add note about Chromebook (#4544)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/get-clients.md

Desktop clients can be downloaded and installed by end users directly from [https://teams.microsoft.com/downloads](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=855754) if they have the appropriate local permissions (admin rights are not required to install the Teams client on a PC but are required on a Mac).

> [!NOTE]

> > For more details about installing Teams on a Chromebook, please check [this link](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/how-to-install-and-run-microsoft-office-on-a-chromebook-32f14a23-2c1a-4579-b973-d4b1d78561ad).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For more details about installing Teams on a Chromebook, please see [How to install and run Microsoft Office on a Chromebook](https://support.office.com/article/how-to-install-and-run-microsoft-office-on-a-chromebook-32f14a23-2c1a-4579-b973-d4b1d78561ad).
```
